add menu details to add new certificate (#1466)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/09-registries-and-packs/1-adding-a-custom-registry.md

In order to establish a trusted secure connection between Palette and your registry
you will need to upload your certificate to the console.

> 1. From the **Tenant Admin** view, click on **Tenant Settings** > **Certificates** > **Add A New Certificate**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the left **Main Menu**,  click on **Tenant Settings** > **Certificates** > **Add A New Certificate**
```
